Update SCE contents and processing with cell type information (#166)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/processing_information.md

We combine these marker genes with all "immune cell" `PanglaoDB` marker genes to create a full marker gene list for for cell type annotation.
During annotation, we additionally include an `"other"` cell type that does not express any of these marker genes.
As a consequence, cells which `CellAssign` cannot confidently annotate from the full marker gene list are labeled as `"other"`.

**Note:** For some libraries, cell type annotations were provided from the group that submitted the original data.

> If this is the case, the cell type annotations obtained from the submitter will be present in addition to cell type annotation performed with `SingleR` and `CellAssign`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these cases, the cell type annotations obtained from the submitter will be present in addition to cell type annotation performed with `SingleR` and `CellAssign`.
```
